Mary, Maggy and Marta Moipei are identical triplets from Nairobi, Kenya and currently reside in the U.S. Career highlights: Appointed as UNICEF ambassadors at age twelve touring internationally they championed girl child empowerment, education, and alternative rites of passage. They were recognized by Kenya’s President for their contribution to the Music Industry and the Nation. “They have become as iconic as Kenya’s sportsmen and women but for a different kind of muscle ... their vocal cords.” NATION TV KENYA. Their album “In the Land of the Lion,” won the 2011 Best of Africa category, at the prestigious South Africa Broadcasting Corporation Awards (SABC). Moipei made their NYC debut at the 2021 Mabel Mercer Cabaret Convention at Jazz at Lincoln Center, where they were presented with the Julie Wilson Award for their “impact on the entertainment industry” and returned to perform at the convention annually. MOIPEI made their Kennedy Center debut performing in the RiverRun Festival 2023 followed by a performance at the Kennedy Center for the U.S. State Department’s symposium for international gender equality. MOIPEI is also known for their critically acclaimed performances at 54 Below (Broadway’s Supper Club) and the internationally renowned Birdland Jazz Club. The last two years they performed with the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra amassing 59 performances in their Yuletide Celebration. MOIPEI performed the National Anthem at a Spurs Playoff game. The sisters completed successful tours of South Korea and Ontario Canada. They have performed with several opera companies and symphony orchestras worldwide. MOIPEI has begun their national tour of Performing Arts Centers with their critically acclaimed concert “From the Land of the Lion to the Big Apple”. “Their enchantment, either as singers or as people will bewitch all who see and hear them.” Stephen Mosher-Broadway World.
